dm: update prerequisites for webui (#11032)
pingcap/docs: dm/dm-webui-guide.md

## Access method

> When [OpenAPI](/dm/dm-open-api.md#maintain-dm-clusters-using-openapi) is enabled, you can access DM WebUI from any master node of the DM cluster. The access port is `8261` by default and is the same as that of DM OpenAPI. Here is an example of an access address: `http://{master_ip}:{master_port}/dashboard/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [OpenAPI](/dm/dm-open-api.md#maintain-dm-clusters-using-openapi) is enabled, you can access the DM WebUI from any master node of the DM cluster. The access port is `8261` by default and is the same as that of DM OpenAPI. Here is an example of an access address: `http://{master_ip}:{master_port}/dashboard/`.
```

> After you enable [OpenAPI](/dm/dm-open-api.md#maintain-dm-clusters-using-openapi), you can access DM WebUI from any master node of the DM cluster. The access port is `8261` by default and is the same as that of DM OpenAPI. Here is an example of an access address: `http://{master_ip}:{master_port}/dashboard/`.

Author: ```suggestion
When [OpenAPI](/dm/dm-open-api.md#maintain-dm-clusters-using-openapi) is enabled, you can access DM WebUI from any master node of the DM cluster. The access port is `8261` by default and is the same as that of DM OpenAPI. Here is an example of an access address: `http://{master_ip}:{master_port}/dashboard/`.
```
